SNOWBOARD / SKI GAME


There will be multiple mini-games / stories in this game. (more to come)


1. Basic story where first, you have a set amount of mountains to choose from (all from real locations). Some mountains will be locked since they are more advanced and require more skills.
   1. In a selected mountain, you will choose from different runs all across the mountain. This interface will be similar to the interface when choosing a mountain, except zoom in on the mountain and focusing on the runs. On the mountain, you will have to start with the easy runs (bunny slopes and greens). Each acts at its own level. You will receive 1-3 stars based on time completed, other skiers/snowboarders hit, and other obstacles hit. There may be jumps but you will not receive benefits for them. After receiving 1 or more stars, you can move onto the next run. Once you complete the mountain, you can move onto the next mountain. // how is the player controlled? arrow keys? tilting the screen on mobile? the mouse? also, maybe there can be a separate statistic for air time to reward jumps and make it more satisfying
   2. After you win/lose a run, the end screen will show you amount of stars won in the middle, your time for the run right under, a play again button, a next run button (or back to map if last run on mountain), back to map button. The background on this screen will be your skier, either celebrating at the end of the run, or falling in the snow, if  you lost. // maybe there can be a global leaderboard to make it more competitive


2. The theme will be the colors of a snowy mountain: blue, white, maybe some green. The home screen will have a mountain in the background, with a 3D, animated, skier floating in the middle of the screen, spinning slowly. If you click on this skier, you can customize your character with different clothes, skies, and helmet, etc. You will earn different customizations by earning stars, and with those stars, you will spin a wheel. The wheel will be at the bottom of the page, with text, Spin for Reward. Above the skier, the amount of runs you have successfully completed will show. And under the skier, will be the explore button, probably in a cartoonish rectangle box, showing you the map of the mountains to choose and play. All buttons and graphics will be colors that mix into the background well, so colors that compliment the colors of a snowy background. // love the gambling element.

// without tangible asthetics the vision is a little unclear. also seems very similar to Grand Mountain Adventure